docs(sourcemaps): add documentation for sourcemaps (#778)
ionic-team/stencil-site: src/docs/config/overview.md

preamble: 'Built with Stencil'
```

## sourceMap

*default: `false`*

When set to `true`, sourcemaps will be generated for a project.

```tsx
sourceMap: true
```

> Sourcemaps create a translation between Stencil components that are written in TypeScript & JSX and JavaScript that is

Reviewer: What do you think of...

```suggestion
Sourcemaps are an opt-in feature that create a translation between Stencil components that are written in TypeScript/JSX and the resulting JavaScript that is
```

Author: This sentence is meant to describe sourcemaps generally, rather than the Stencil specific aspects. The idea here is you shouldn't have to go google 'sourcemap' to figure out what one is (at a high level at least)

Author: I think I was more opposed to the changes in the original revision, but I think after the edits to the edits your proposed this works 👍

> output by Stencil. They allow for a better debugging experience for Stencil components, in that they allow external

Reviewer: ```suggestion
output by Stencil. Enabling source maps in your project allows for an improved debugging experience for Stencil components. For example, they allow external
```

Author: This sentence is meant to describe sourcemaps generally, rather than the Stencil specific aspects. The idea here is you shouldn't have to go google 'sourcemap' to figure out what one is (at a high level at least)

> tools (such as an Integrated Development Environment) to add breakpoints directly in the original source code. This

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tools (such as an Integrated Development Environment) to add breakpoints directly in the original source code, which
```

Author: I think this suggestion results in too much of a run-on sentence

Reviewer: When used with both above suggestions, the concepts should adequately break themselves up and improve readability.

> allows an individual to 'step through' their code line-by-line, inspect the values held in variables, observe logic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
allows you to 'step through' your code line-by-line, to inspect the values held in variables, to observe logic
```

> flow, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
flow, and more.
```

> Stencil will always attempt to minify a component's source code as much as possible. When `sourceMap` is enabled, it is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note: Stencil will always attempt to minify a component's source code as much as possible during compilation. When `sourceMap` is enabled, it is
```

> possible that a slightly different minified result will be produced by Stencil than the minified result produced when 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
possible that a slightly different minified result will be produced by Stencil when compared to the minified result produced when 
```

> the `sourceMap` is not enabled. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion 
`sourceMap` is not enabled. 
```

> Developers are responsible for determining whether they choose to serve sourcemaps or not in each environment their

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Developers are responsible for determining whether or not they choose to serve sourcemaps in each environment their
```

components are served and implementing their decision accordingly.

> When omitted or set to `false`, sourcemaps will not be generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
